[tense music playing]
[Azita in Farsi]
Farhad, what are you doing?
[in Farsi] I'm going back...
[Azita gasping]
You have to tell her the truth.
She could tell the mission
and then we'd have nothing.
- What aren't they telling me?
- I think he might have broken his arm.
[Noor] Thank you for being honest.
It's not easy getting clemency
for someone convicted of war crimes.
What have you done besides signing checks?
How are the preparations
for tomorrow going?
- [Markus] We're on schedule.
- Save me a seat on the truck.
- Really?
- I understand the plan now.
[in Farsi] Can you identify the person
in this photo?
[Noor gasping]
[in Farsi] No, that's impossible.
Impossible, impossible.
[Catherine] These have nothing to do
with Foxglove.
Noor's brother is dead for nothing?
The only way forward is through Solomon.
A new point of contact.
Whoever traded this DGSE intel.
Agent Jacqueline Laurent.
- What do you want then?
- An introduction.
- Jacqueline tells me you buy information.
- What else did she tell you?
They're listening.
- They know we're here.
- Catherine.
The problem with New York,
there's too many rats.
No! [grunting]
[Solomon] Ah, ah, ah, ah.
You are gonna tell me
everything you know about Peter Sutherland
and exactly what Night Action is.
[gun firing]
[Catherine grunting]
[Solomon groaning, chuckling]
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[tense music playing]
[emergency lights clicking]
[gears shifting]
[seatbelt clicking]
- [keys jangling]
- [engine shutting off]
- [crickets chirping]
- [music fades]
You need help, sir?
Pardon?
You should be careful.
People drive way too fast
around this corner here.
This is a really, really bad spot.
Right. Thanks.
I called a tow truck.
I'll be out of here soon.
Oh. Well, I'll... I'll wait until they show.
No, it's all right. Uh, it won't be long.
I don't mind.
Well, I, uh, hate to interrupt your night.
Looks like somebody
might be waiting for you.
You helping a grandparent?
No, my sister.
We rented some of these things,
like the wheelchair and the shower stool,
for a few months, but, uh, now we, uh...
We've made peace with the situation,
so I'm making some permanent changes
so that she can get around better.
You, uh, mind if I ask what happened?
It was a hit-and-run.
She actually lost both of her legs.
[man] I'm sorry.
- Police catch the guy who did it?
- No, they did not.
You up early or up late?
Early.
I got some business
first thing in the city.
Wall Street, right?
[chuckling] No.
But I suppose you could call me a trader.
Uh, anyhow, my driver
didn't show up this morning.
I tried calling him, but his number
is completely disconnected.
Goddamn. Looks like you're gonna need
a new driver too.
Perhaps.
[car engine revving in distance]
[car whooshing]
You really made peace...
with what happened to your sister?
I had no choice.
I find there's always a choice.
The cops had some leads.
I kept calling to push them.
But I think maybe they thought
she was just some poor Puerto Rican victim
and they gave up looking.
- Then you gave up too?
- No.
I went up and down that road where it
happened for months, hoping to find them.
I knew it was a black BMW that hit her.
Carried a bat in my truck for months,
just in case.
But it didn't matter,
because in the end, my sister needed me.
So I figured if nobody had our backs,
I had to have hers.
[dramatic music playing]
- Well, thanks for the company.
- Yeah.
- Listen, can I offer you some--
- Oh, no, please. It was nothing.
Take care. And be safe.
You as well.
[car door opening]
[car door closing]
[car engine starting]
[gears shifting]
[engine revving]
[tense music playing]
- [car horn honking]
- [indistinct chatter]
[opening theme music playing]
[handcuffs clattering]
[music fades]
There's a little slack.
You want me to tighten it?
No, I'm comfortable.
How about you?
Well, I've gotta hand it to you.
This place is fucking depressing.
Is it anything like that basement office
of yours in the White House?
It's weird how the feds hired you,
even though your dad was a traitor.
They ever tell you how they caught him?
You're not dying to know?
The FBI closed their investigation.
The FBI never investigated your father
before he was arrested.
None of the three-letter outfits did.
Unless there's some other off-book agency.
Night Action mean anything to you?
Peter, out here.
[ominous music playing]
[door creaking]
I just got off with Mosley.
He's on his way to question Solomon.
He knows about Night Action.
- Did they investigate my father?
- He's trying to throw you off-balance.
Just trying to find
some weakness to exploit.
Do not give him one.
[siren wailing in distance]
Probably just repeating
something he heard.
They were patched into our comms.
That's how they knew the meet was a setup.
And why Solomon killed Laurent.
Solomon bought intel
from Warren at the CIA.
He bought intel from Laurent at the DGSE.
[Peter] Do you think he has an FBI agent?
Someone who would've given him
the decryption keys to our radio signals?
That would explain how he was able
to get the jump on Alice and I in Bangkok.
'Cause we were on comms when they told us
to go to the river for extraction.
Just thought it was a mole
inside Night Action.
You mean you thought it was me?
[Peter sighing]
I didn't know what to think.
I get it.
- I'm sorry.
- I get it.
Solomon has connections with government
agencies all around the world,
but what is the motive?
Laurent gave him the list
of Iranian dissidents.
He gave it to the Iranian ambassador.
What if Solomon just brokers deals
to buy and sell intel?
If so, who did he sell
the Foxglove intel to?
- [cell phone vibrating]
- I don't know.
Sorry, it's Rose.
Something's going on with Noor.
Is she ready to be picked up?
No idea, but she's freaking out.
Rose is going to meet her.
I should probably be there too.
Fine. I'll start working on Solomon
until Mosley arrives.
Okay.
[suspenseful music playing]
[door opening, closing]
[keys jangling]
[lock clicking]
[indistinct chatter]
[button clicking]
[keys jangling]
- [Noor sighing]
- [elevator beeping]
[music fades]
[in Farsi] How are you?
[in Farsi] How do you think?
I was worried about you.
I'm taking the morning off
so we can go get breakfast.
I'm not hungry.
Come with me.
- Maybe you'll change your mind.
- No, I just need to go for a walk.
- I need to clear my head.
- Then I'll go with you.
We can talk and--
Talk about what?
My brother is dead,
and my mother is missing.
Do you think I want to talk about that
with you of all people?
[elevator beeping]
I'm sorry, Javad.
I didn't mean...
I just need to be alone right now.
[Noor sighing]
[tense music playing]
[button clicking]
[car horn honking]
[indistinct chatter]
Not feeling any jet lag, then?
[music fades]
Sorry?
You flew to Europe and back
in barely a day,
and you haven't touched your espresso.
Oh. [chuckling softly]
Yeah, I'm good, actually.
Heart's racing a bit today.
Shall we take it easy, then?
I was thinking, um, Bergdorf's first.
And then a little massage?
Or a few galleries,
followed by lunch in Chelsea.
Or we could crawl into bed,
and I'll help you feel better.
Sorry, darling. I'm in meetings all day.
Meetings?
[Tomás sniffing]
What is your father asking you to do now?
Tomás...
[dramatic music playing]
...you've built a successful life
without Viktor.
We have.
Whatever he's asking of you,
don't risk us for him.
You don't owe him anything.
I know what I'm doing.
[indistinct chatter]
We on schedule?
- To a tee.
- Good. I'll get changed.
- You don't have to go.
- My father insisted I take the lead.
[bag rustling, zipping]
Hold out your hands.
Why?
Your hands.
[gun clicking, clattering]
Don't fuck this up for us.
[tense music playing]
[bag zipping]
- [locker opening, closing]
- [Markus sighing]
[indistinct chatter]
[footsteps approaching]
Hey.
What's wrong?
Are you ready to go to the safe house?
Where are my mother and brother right now?
You'll see them tonight.
And there will be a doctor
at the safe house?
- A doctor?
- You said Farhad's arm was broken.
Right. Um,
he's already had medical attention.
He has?
[Rose] Yeah.
Peter and Catherine
are taking care of him. Don't worry.
I know my brother was killed in Isfahan.
[somber music playing]
[Noor] I saw the pictures.
You knew all along, didn't you?
- Didn't you?
- Yes.
I asked you if my family was safe,
and you lied to me.
I am so sorry, Noor.
- I--
- Where is my mother?
- With Sami.
- Where?
- I don't know.
- I want to speak to her now.
I need to know that she's alive.
I... I don't know how to reach her,
but, Noor, she is alive, I swear.
I never wanted to lie to you.
- But you did anyway.
- [Peter] Hey.
My brother died on your watch,
and you covered it up.
Leave Rose alone. She had nothing to do
with the extraction going bad.
No, it's your fault.
Farhad's blood is on your hands.
Shame on you.
Shame on all of you.
I'm sorry.
I didn't wanna tell you
until we got you out of the mission.
We needed to make sure you were safe.
You didn't want to tell me because
you needed me to hand over the file.
Yeah. That too.
Yes.
You want to tell me the truth?
Tell me how my brother was killed.
[Peter] You sure?
Okay.
Sami was taking your family
back to the plane.
They were stopped by police officers.
Farhad changed his mind about leaving.
He stole one of the police officers' guns,
and he shot at Sami.
Sami had to return fire.
He didn't have a choice, Noor.
Farhad wouldn't do that.
He isn't like that.
He's... He's just a child.
I'm sorry, that's what he did.
I know how much your brother meant to you,
and none of this was supposed to happen.
Normally we would've had
more time to plan.
It's my fault for needing it done quickly?
No. It's not your fault.
It's nobody's fault. It just...
It just went wrong.
[Noor breathing heavily]
I want to speak to my mother.
[Peter] And you will.
If you come with me,
I can take you to a safe house
where the Iranians can't touch you,
and Sami will bring your mom.
The man who killed my brother?
If you have my mother,
put her on the phone right now.
Call him, Peter.
Call Sami.
[phone line ringing]
[machine] Please leave
a message. [beeping]
You don't have my mother, do you?
For all I know, she's still in Isfahan.
Maybe I'll go back
to the mission to find out.
No, no, no. By now they'll know
that your family tried to escape Iran.
It's too dangerous for you to go back.
Now, look,
I made a mistake.
I did. I'm sorry.
But your mom is here.
She's in New York,
and you can see her tonight
if you come with me.
I'm not going anywhere with you.
[Peter] Fine.
I'll have Sami pick you up
at 112th and Amsterdam tonight at 11 p.m.,
and I'll have him bring your mother.
[dramatic music playing]
[camera shutter clicking]
[ominous music playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[door opening]
[suspenseful music playing]
[camera shutter clicking]
[indistinct chatter]
[Tomás] Okay let's bring that in.
- Is that the last one? Good.
- [man] Yeah.
Let's get you out.
Secure that, Goran.
And this is everything here?
Okay, give me the pages. Thank you.
- [Tomás] Let's close it up.
- Yes.
[truck gate creaking]
- All right. Let's go. We have everything.
- All right.
[suspenseful music playing]
[brakes squealing]
[truck hissing]
[man] Transport papers.
What happened to Kenny?
This is usually his run.
He's out sick.
- Him and his whole crew?
- I go where they tell me.
- You guys transport hazmats often?
- [Markus] Yeah, often enough.
- What'd y'all pick up?
- Read our papers. It's all in there.
Sir, is there a problem?
- Problem?
- Forgive him.
Our client made it clear they don't
want us talking about their shipments
with anyone for security reasons.
We all had to sign
confidentiality agreements.
One moment.
No. Be calm.
I am calm.
Have a safe trip.
Thank you.
See? Not so hard.
[gate whirring]
[music fades]
[Solomon wincing, grunting]
We know what your organization does.
You buy, sell, and trade information
all around the world.
[Solomon sighing]
We know Warren Stocker gave you
information on Foxglove in Bangkok.
- What are you planning to do with it?
- Where's Peter?
Is he your, what, trainee?
Did you sell the Foxglove intel?
Who has it?
I wanna talk to Peter alone.
Federal agents
are on their way to pick you up.
Seeing as you trafficked
classified information
involving chemical weapons,
I do not imagine
a promising future for you.
So if your specialty is cutting deals,
you cut one with me,
and I'll see what I can do for you.
Think about it.
You wanna know about Foxglove?
Look into cyanogen.
Anything else, send in Peter.
[tense music playing]
I get you're trying
to protect the country.
I want that, too, obviously.
But Noor didn't deserve any of this.
[dramatic music playing]
I'm dealing with limited,
shitty options here.
I'm doing what I can, Rose.
I'm trying to do what's right,
But what... what is that at this point?
When my aunt and uncle were killed,
Farr lied to me to get what she wanted,
and I hated her for it.
Now I've done the same thing to Noor.
I need to go back to California.
I... [sniffing]
I can't be involved with this anymore.
[siren wailing in distance]
[cell phone vibrating]
Sorry.
Yeah?
[Catherine] I need you back here
right now.
[elevator beeping]
- [in Farsi] Have you seen Javad?
- [in Farsi] He's at the office.
He said he took the morning off,
and I need to speak to him.
[man] He wants to speak with you as well.
He may have news about your mother.
My mother? Really?
[man] I'll take you back to the mission.
[suspenseful music playing]
[elevator beeping]
[door closing]
Hey. What's going on??
Cyanogen was just stolen
from a chemical plant
outside Allentown, Pennsylvania.
It's a chemical compound
mentioned in Foxglove.
Solomon just told me.
Ten minutes later, federal agents learned
a shipment of cyanogen
was intercepted by a crew
with forged transport papers.
It's gotta be the same people
that stole the mobile lab.
Wait, hold on. Solomon tipped you off?
How do we know he's not trying
to spin us off in the wrong direction?
I'm not sure.
But if these terrorists
have the mobile lab
and they're stealing the materials
that can make
one of Foxglove's chemical agents--
Then they'll have a weapon capable
of killing hundreds, even thousands.
[Catherine] I got a C in chemistry,
but I'm guessing it takes more than
one compound to make a chemical weapon.
So we need to figure out
what else they need.
Did you check the CIA file?
It's an executive summary
with a list of nine chemical agents.
There's nothing on how they're made.
Uh, there's a roster of PhDs too.
Those must be the scientists
that worked on the project.
We can ask one of them.
[tense music playing]
Just ask them to discuss
an illegal chemical weapons program
they participated in?
I'm sorry, is there a plan B?
[keyboard clacking]
[Rose] Okay, this one's at Caltech.
DuPont.
This one's dead.
Okay, here we go.
A chemistry professor at Columbia.
Dr. Wilfred Cole.
This is ridiculous.
We have Solomon right here,
and he knows what's going on.
We can't waste time running around
the city chasing a nothing lead.
I can.
I'll go to Columbia
while you guys talk to Solomon.
I can't be near him anyway.
[bag zipping]
- Fine, I'll go with you.
- [Catherine] No, you stay.
Solomon said he's only talking to you.
We're running out of time.
You need to see
what you can get out of him.
Yes, ma'am.
Um, can we talk on the way out?
Okay.
[dramatic music playing]
If the offer for Secret Service
protection still stands,
I'm ready to go back to California.
[Catherine] Are you sure?
I meant what I said. You've been valuable.
I know there's a lot of shit
going down right now,
but now you have Solomon,
plus you and Peter
are back on the same page.
I'll just be in the way at this point.
All right. I'll set it up.
Thanks. I'll get this done,
and I'll give you a call.
[door creaking, closing]
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music playing]
[in Farsi] Please have a seat.
Javad will be with you shortly.
[door closing]
[lock clicking]
[tense music swelling]
[music fades]
Heard you wanted to talk to me.
You seem more open-minded
than your handler.
Can you trust her?
I mean, really trust her?
Who stole the cyanogen?
Who's trying to make a chemical weapon?
[Solomon sighing heavily]
[Peter exhaling]
[Peter] You did five tours in Afghanistan.
Why betray a country
you fought so long to protect?
Is this about money?
What was the reason
your father betrayed his country?
If this is just
a business transaction to you,
why protect people that are trying
to kill American citizens with Foxglove?
I mean...
[Solomon exhaling]
You're not covering for clients,
you're covering for a superior.
[chuckling softly]
[Peter] That overdressed guy in Bangkok,
that's him, right? That's your boss?
After the Marines, you didn't have
a purpose, and he gave you one.
Is that it?
No, this isn't about him either.
This is about your sister, right?
It's about Celeste?
That guy you work for
is behind KinCare Trust.
He's taking care of Celeste, isn't he?
After the accident,
she was crushed
with a lifetime of medical debt.
You needed a way to take care of her,
so you did the wrong things
for the right reasons.
- Honestly, I can't blame you.
- Leave my sister out of it.
She wasn't aware of our arrangement.
If she's on your boss's payroll,
she's in deep shit.
So tell us who you gave Foxglove to,
and we won't press charges
against Celeste.
[tense music playing]
If you don't cooperate with us,
we're gonna have Celeste
arrested for fraud.
She knows you're alive, right?
And she's been living off
your VA death benefits.
So we'll just flag her
for defrauding the U.S. government.
She'll be dragged off
to a federal penitentiary,
and they're not known
for being friendly to the disabled.
Is this what Night Action does?
Threaten civilians in wheelchairs?
No.
We stop assholes like you
from hurting our country.
[door opening]
Peter.
Peter, outside.
Now.
[music fades]
He confirmed
there's someone calling the shots.
And you just confirmed
Night Action's existence to him.
Neither one of us says
another word to him until Mosley arrives.
[softly] Yeah.
[suspenseful music playing]
- [music fades]
- [indistinct chatter]
[woman] Thanks.
Dr. Cole?
- [Wilfred] Yes.
- My name is Rose. I'm a master's student.
I was just wondering if I could
ask you some questions for my thesis.
Sure.
I'm researching the history
of chemical weapons.
- You're one of the preeminent--
- My field is chemistry, not warfare.
It sounds like you ought to be speaking
with someone in the History Department.
I'm here specifically
to ask you about Foxglove.
The plant?
[bag zipping]
[ominous music playing]
[Wilfred] Leave.
Leave, or I'll call security.
Dr. Cole, you must know,
the only reason I have this file
is because I have access
to the top levels of government.
This is real.
I'm here because a shipment
of cyanogen was just stolen.
What? When?
[Rose] Today.
We have reason to believe
someone is trying to synthesize
one of the Foxglove weapons
listed in that file.
We need your help to determine which one.
Well, cyanogen is a component
of several weapons.
Off the top of my head,
I don't know which ones.
- Where's the rest?
- That's all that's left.
The CIA's trying to bury it.
Even if these people
get all the ingredients,
they won't be able to make anything.
They've also stolen
a military-grade mobile lab.
- Who?
- We don't know.
So the government's
trying to pin this on me?
They're blaming something
that happened 20 years--
- Dr. Cole, no.
- Don't fucking bullshit me!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
- Um, come... come with me.
- Where?
You want answers or not?
[suspenseful music playing]
[truck hissing]
[brakes squealing]
[engine stopping]
[Markus] Hello.
[man] Stand by.
Thank you.
[Markus breathing deeply, exhaling]
[tense music playing]
[phone clicking]
[buttons clicking]
- Something wrong?
- Sorry about that.
We're heading into a shift change.
Just a minute.
[Markus scoffing]
Shift change.
[Tomás] Easy.
- Everything's fine.
- Don't start.
[phone clicking]
[woman] ...north side,
heading to main gate now.
Sir, can you step out of the truck?
What's the problem?
We believe there's been a mix-up.
Something's not right with your paperwork.
[Tomás] Uh, we've been dealing with this
manager who's still learning the ropes.
What... what's the issue?
Your BOL doesn't match
what's in the system.
[car door opening]
[man grunting]
[Markus] Open the gate!
Go, go, go, go!
- Fuck.
- [gun firing]
[intense music playing]
- [computer beeping]
- [guns firing]
[keyboard clacking]
[gun firing]
[guard grunting]
- [gun clicking]
- [grunting] Fuck!
[gun clicking]
[guard 2 grunting]
All right, no time! Get in!
[Tomás's breath shuddering]
[Markus] Get in!
Come on!
[intense music swelling]
[truck engine starting]
[truck hissing]
[gears shifting]
[music fades]
- [tense music playing]
- [birds chirping]
[keys jangling]
It's this way.
Sorry for the mess.
[door opening]
My study's downstairs.
After you.
[footsteps receding]
[switch clicking]
Not what I was expecting.
[chuckling] I agreed to embrace my wife's
minimalist aesthetic upstairs.
Thankfully, this space is my own.
Give me a hand with these, would you?
You can set them right there.
Before I say anything
that's gonna get me imprisoned for life,
tell me what you know
about Foxglove first.
It started as a thought experiment.
The government wanted to brainstorm
the future of chemical warfare.
Get ahead of whatever adversaries
might be trying to develop,
and create the antidotes in advance.
But in order to do that,
they had to create the poisons.
[safe clicking]
You invented nine in total.
[sighing] We spent months theorizing
chemical agents that could be weaponized,
and we developed the antidotes
for some of them.
But before we could determine
the antidotes for the rest,
I was removed from the project.
Why?
I was only told
the program had been shuttered.
And the NDA had real teeth,
so I couldn't ask around about it.
The whole thing made me nervous...
which is why I saved these.
I took notes from memory
of our discussions.
I never thought
these would amount to anything, but...
Come over here.
But then Viktor Bala
used a chemical weapon on his own people.
After he was deposed,
he claimed he'd gotten the weapons
from U.S. sources.
The UN, the ICC
could find nothing to corroborate it.
Everyone wrote Bala off
as a delusional dictator
trying to deflect blame.
But I noticed that
the victims of the attack
had symptoms that were eerily similar
to some of the chemical agents
we theorized.
You think that the U.S.
created these chemical agents in secret,
and someone
gave one of them to Viktor Bala?
- That would be--
- Crazy, yeah.
And I couldn't prove it.
No one was even gonna acknowledge
this program even existed.
So I... I prayed I was only paranoid.
But then you walked into my office.
[door banging]
- What was that?
- It's just the back screen door. Sorry.
Gloria? Everything all right?
- [footsteps approaching]
- Gloria!
Mom's outside unloading groceries.
Go help your mom.
Tell her we've got a guest for dinner.
[music fades]
So if these thieves have cyanogen,
what would they go after next?
Look, it takes years to develop the skills
to get a subject to talk.
It's my fault
for putting you in that position.
- [cell phone vibrating]
- You're just new at this.
It's Mosley.
What's your ETA?
[ominous music playing]
They what?
How can these chemicals be out
in the world when they can be weaponized?
Chemicals are all around us.
Water is a chemical.
So is sulfur dichloride.
Know what that is?
[music fades]
It's, uh, commonly found
in dyes and insecticides.
What about ethylene?
Uh, it's used to artificially ripen
fruits and vegetables, right?
And what do you get when you treat
sulfur dichloride with ethylene?
I don't know.
You get mustard gas.
[cell phone vibrating]
Hello?
[Catherine] They got another one.
I'm putting you on speaker.
I'm here with Dr. Cole.
[Catherine] They got another
chemical compound.
- Which one?
- [Peter] Oxamyl.
Dr. Cole, can you narrow the list
of possible Foxglove weapons
they're trying to make?
The only chemical agent
with both those components is called K.X.
It's a fifth-generation blistering agent
that's about ten times
as potent as lewisite.
And we couldn't develop
an antidote for that one.
What other chemical compounds
do they need to complete it?
Which ones would they be targeting next?
[Wilfred] My guess would be hydrazine-BH.
It's a restricted precursor chemical
used in pharmaceuticals.
I believe Trantow Pharmaceuticals
has a patent on it.
[Catherine] Peter, call Mosley.
Have him send teams
to each one of their research labs
in a hundred-mile radius.
[Wilfred] Trantow won't be making it.
They'd subcontract the manufacturing
process out to a private CMO.
[keyboard clacking]
[Rose] Manodeo Manufacturing.
The two nearest sites
are in Long Island and Philly.
[Catherine] Okay, thanks.
[tense music playing]
Mosley is on his way
to the site in Philadelphia,
so I'll go to Long Island.
You stay here and watch Solomon.
You don't need me to come with?
FBI, DHS, and DEA are sending teams.
We'll have more than enough firepower.
- I'll stay and keep questioning Solomon.
- No, no.
Just leave that to Mosley. Watch him.
I'm not a babysitter, Catherine.
First of all, I babysat for years,
and that shit is hard.
Second, until Mosley and I get back,
just sit tight and guard that door.
Okay.
[door closing]
[music fades]
[lock clicking]
[in Farsi] What have you heard
about my mother?
[in Farsi] She's safe.
Where?
[Javad] In Iran.
We're taking care of her.
Thank God.
Can I speak with her?
She's in no state to talk now.
Why?
Was she hurt?
What aren't you telling me, Javad?
I must ask you the same thing.
I don't understand.
[Javad] Do you recognize this woman?
No.
She's the one who found your phone
at Abbas's residence.
That's her?
I told you,
I didn't see anyone upstairs that night.
[Javad] What about this man?
No, I don't know him.
You sure?
[ominous music playing]
[Noor exhaling]
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
[Noor's breath shuddering]
Tell me what?
That man has been following me.
I think he's a spy.
American.
For the past few weeks,
he kept threatening me, pushing me
to give him files from our office.
I kept telling him no,
but he wouldn't leave me alone.
When I saw him at Abbas's party,
I went upstairs to hide in the bathroom.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
I thought if you saw him talking to me,
you'd get the wrong idea.
I didn't want to get in trouble.
[Noor's breath shuddering]
What are you doing with the Americans?
[sinister music playing]
Lie to me again, and I promise...
you will never see your mother.
I went to them, not the other way around.
[music fades]
I offered to give them
Iranian intelligence.
In exchange for what?
Freedom.
Asylum for me, my mother, and...
Farhad died thanks to your treachery.
Those American "saviors"
left him in the dirt.
They left your mother, they left you,
you filthy, lying bitch.
- [Noor gasping]
- [sinister music playing]
I let myself
enjoy your company.
[Noor gasping, shuddering]
[Noor wincing]
You know, I...
Let go.
I actually pictured
a future for us after New York.
[Noor] Let go of me!
Once I inform Abbas,
you will be on the first flight home.
[Noor shuddering]
[Javad seething]
You were afraid of the Iran you left.
Imagine the Iran you will return to now.
[sinister music swelling]
Javad, wait.
What if I could bring him to you?
Peter. The American.
[indistinct chatter]
[indistinct chatter over police radio]
[music fades]
Excuse me. Where are they?
The terrorists.
Don't know, ma'am. We haven't caught them.
So, what the hell are you doing?
Why aren't you in concealed positions?
You didn't hear?
Hear what?
Can I have some water, please?
[tense music playing]
[Peter sighing]
Is she okay with you coming in here?
[handcuffs clanking]
[Solomon grunting]
Please?
Oh, sorry.
[music fades]
[Solomon gulping]
[Solomon exhaling]
[grunting] Your handler doesn't value you.
When was the last time you got a raise?
[tense music playing]
[door creaking, closing]
[lock clicking]
[Solomon] You have a clear choice, Peter.
You wanna know
who's building a Foxglove weapon?
Speak to my boss.
He'll tell you everything.
[cell phone vibrating]
- Hey. Did you get him?
- [Catherine] No.
They have the hydrazine-BH.
- What?
- [Catherine] They hit this place earlier.
They must have two or more crews
boosting chemicals.
They have everything they need?
Mosley and I are headed back
to take another run at Solomon.
You stay put.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[music fades]
[Gloria] Hi there.
My wife, Gloria, our daughter, Jesse.
This is Rose.
Nice to meet you.
Wil rarely brings home students.
Your research must've impressed him.
Well, his insights have been illuminating.
Well, go ahead and take a seat.
Dinner's just about ready.
I'm honestly not sure
I could eat much right now.
Um, I might just head out.
You sure?
Yeah, I'm feeling a ton of pressure with
this, um, deadline hanging over my head.
[Solomon] You can stop all this.
Just speak to my boss, one-on-one.
I bet by now they got
all the chemical compounds, right?
That isn't everything.
Do you honestly think these people
can build a chemical weapon on their own?
They're gonna need someone
to build it for them, won't they?
[tires screeching]
We have to hide.
- Sorry?
- We have to hide right now.
There are men with guns outside.
- What is that?
- Okay, quick. Come. Quickly.
Hurry.
Go, go, go.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Markus] You two, check outside.
Upstairs.
[tense music playing]
[footsteps approaching]
[door closing]
[softly] Come on. Please.
[cell phone vibrating]
Hey, Rose.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[Rose's breath shuddering]
[Jesse screaming]
- [Jesse] No!
- Rose.
[Jesse screaming]
[Gloria] No! Go! Just go!
- [Rose grunting]
- [man grunting]
[Gloria] No!
[Rose yelping]
[Jesse screaming]
No! Mom, no!
[Wilfred] Let her go!
- Dad!
- Go!
[Wilfred grunting, groaning]
- [Rose grunting]
- [man grunting]
What the hell are you thinking?
We need the chemist.
[Markus] He'll be all right.
- No, Wil!
- Hey!
- No.
- [Markus] Take them upstairs.
You, go with them.
[Jesse, Gloria breathing heavily]
[Gloria] Go, go, go.
Just do what they say.
Who the hell are you?
I'm Dr. Cole's postdoc fellow.
[Markus] Let's get rid of her.
I... I know you're trying to build
a Foxglove weapon.
That's why you need him, right?
I've read all his notes.
They're right here.
[ominous music playing]
[Rose breathing heavily]
You kill me, and you're royally screwed.
Yeah? How's that?
What if Dr. Cole has a concussion?
What if he bleeds out?
How are you geniuses
gonna build a chemical weapon without him?
You need me.
[suspenseful music playing]
[latch clicking]
[in Farsi] You said she would be here.
- [in Farsi] She will be.
- [Azita] My daughter's never late.
Did you get the right time?
The right address?
If she's smart,
she'll be exercising
more caution than usual.
- But does she know I'm here now?
- Of course.
Something's wrong. I can feel it.
- Call her.
- I can't.
[Azita] You've robbed me of one child.
I won't let you rob me of the other.
Give me the phone.
[Azita sighing]
[line ringing]
[Catherine] Hello?
Catherine? Noor hasn't shown up yet.
We have a bigger problem.
[suspenseful music swelling]
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]